chore(blog): add annual summary (#4880)
asyncapi/website: markdown/blog/2025-annual-summary.md

---
title: "State of AsyncAPI Initiative: 2025 Annual Review"
date: 2026-01-10T06:00:00+01:00
type: Communication
tags:
  - Project Status
cover: /img/posts/2025-blog-banner/banner-annual.webp
authors:
  - name: Thulisile Sibanda
    photo: /img/avatars/thulieblack.webp
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/v-thulisile-sibanda/
    byline: Community Builder and Open Source Fanatic!
excerpt: 'AsyncAPI Annual Review for 2025 in Numbers'
featured: true
---

Happy 2026 to the AsyncAPI community!

> Starting the new year by looking back at our community’s growth. Let’s review the numbers to see our progress, where we can do better, and how we can improve. These metrics help us understand our impact and guide us in the direction to take when working towards the community goals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting the new year by looking back at our community’s growth. Let’s review the numbers to see our progress, where we can do better, and how we can improve. These metrics help us understand our impact and guide us in the direction to take while working towards the community's goals.
```
